RGBA is not legacy (#32770)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_values_and_units/index.md

White space is allowed, but optional inside the parentheses. (But see notes regarding whitespace within pages for `min()`, `max()`, `minmax()`, and `clamp()` functions.)

> Some legacy functional notations such as legacy syntax for `rgb()`, `rgba()`, `hsl()`, and `hsla()` used commas, but generally commas are only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some legacy functional notation such as the legacy syntax for `rgb()`, `rgba()`, `hsl()`, and `hsla()` uses commas, but generally commas are only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.
```

> Some legacy functional notations such as legacy syntax for `rgb()`, `rgba()`, `hsl()`, and `hsla()` used commas, but generally commas are only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.

Author: ```suggestion
Some legacy functional notations, such as legacy syntax for `rgb()`, `rgba()`, `hsl()`, and `hsla()`, used commas, but commas are generally only used to separate items in a list. If a comma is used to separate arguments, white space is optional before and after the comma.
```
